It started with him.
Until someone confesses
Emperor Emperor
The old slave served the emperor for decades
loyal
It will never harm the Supreme Emperor
Yongxing
Really not an old slave?
Your Majesty, forgive me, hahaha.
Forgive me
Yo, it was exchanged by the old slave.
What did the old slave confess to?
Xiaoxi, what nonsense are you talking about?
The day before
The old slave replaced the Jiuzhuan Dan sent by Tai Hospital
He also deliberately spared the eldest father-in-law
Just serve the supreme emperor
It was the negligence of the old slave
Forget the bullseye that the Supreme Emperor likes Tibetan medicine
Otherwise it should be seamless